docs: add uml diagrams of our services, add query-router API spec (#66)
epiphany-platform/CommonDataLayer: docs/Architecture.md

> # Architecture of CDL

Author: We did this case due to how github handles wikis. We can do whatever.

The Common Data Layer (CDL) is a cloud-targeted system, aimed at allowing **users** to store *any* data and retrieve it (*raw* or *mapped*).

The CDL consists of four layers, each horizontally scalable and replaceable.

> ![./graphs/QueryRouter-DataRetrieval.puml](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/epiphany-platform/CommonDataLayer/develop/docs/graphs/CDL.puml)

Author: Our default branch is develop. We can switch to main, but intil this changes were there, develop would lack graphs (they would not generate). (I don't consider this a permament solution - we should generate them ourselves at some point)

Putting QS and CS with repo looked better. I'm open to change.

## Configuration Layer
Consists of services responsible for holding state and configuration of CDL.  
Currently only the Schema Registry resides here, which keeps information about schemas and views. For more details please see [its readme][schema-registry].

## Ingestion Layer
Services in this layer are responsible for accepting generic messages from external systems via `Kafka`, validating them and sorting to correct repository.  
Currently consists only of the [Data Router][data-router]. The [Data Router][data-router] accepts messages in the following format:

```json
{
  "schemaID": "ca435cee-2944-41f7-94ff-d1b26e99ba48",
  "objectID": "fc0b95e1-07eb-4bf8-b691-1a85a49ef8f0",
  "payload": { ...valid json object }
}
```

For more details, see the Data Router's [readme][data-router].

## Storage Layer
Consists of repositories for storing data.

> We can distinguish 3 types of supported repositories:

Author: I don't think we want to stand behind either of those until we test them. We can easily expand this list later.

- Document
    - PostgreSQL
- Blob
    - Internal solution using [Sled][sled] database
- Timeseries
    - Victoria Metrics

### Command Services
Services that translate messages received from the [Data Router][data-router] into their respective database's format. Currently only one [Command Service][command-service] exists,

> and is built in such way that it can support multiple databases (one at a time).

Author: I mean, I've already changed this once, and I don't think changing `database` to `storage solution` brings a lot.

# Architecture of CDL

> CommonDataLayer is cloud targeted system, oriented into allowing **user** to ingest *any* data, sort it and retrieve, *raw* or *mapped*.

Author: Well, technically, route to correct repo is what I mean

Currently only Schema Registry resides here. It keeps information about schemas and views. For more details please see [it's readme][schema-registry].

## Ingestion layer
Services in this layer are responsible for accepting generic messages from external systems via `Kafka`, validating them and sorting to correct repository.  
Currently consists only of [Data Router][data-router]. [Data Router][data-router] accepts messages in format:

```json
{
  "schemaID": "ca435cee-2944-41f7-94ff-d1b26e99ba48",
  "objectID": "fc0b95e1-07eb-4bf8-b691-1a85a49ef8f0",
  "payload": { ...valid json object }
}
```

for more details see [documentation][data-router]

## Storage layer
Consists of repositories for storing data.

We can distinguish 3 types of supported repositories:
- document
    - PostgreSQL
- blob
    - Internal solution using [Sled][sled] database
- timeseries
    - Victoria Metrics

### Command services
Service that translates messages received from [Data Router][data-router] into respective database format. Currently only one [Command Service][command-service] exists,
and is built in such way that it can support either one of databases.

### Query service

> gRPC frontend of each database. Handles generic query format and translates it into DB query language.
> Two query-services are present. One for timeseries databases, one for documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The gRPC frontend of each database. Each Query Service serves a common set of queries, and translates those into their respective database's query language. Two query-services are present: one for timeseries databases, and one for documents.
```

## Retrieval layer
Contains services responsible for materializing views and routing queries.

> Query router is capable of retrieving data from various sources. More at [documentation][query-router].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Query Router is capable of retrieving data from various sources. More at [documentation][query-router].
```
